Link: https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/Ernest%20Liang%20Interviews/Iteration%202/CompInterv%202-2.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=A7wR19

All right, commencing the interview for CSSE 3021. All right, so if you could just introduce yourself and tell us about like your name and what program you're currently enrolled in in UQ. Yeah, my name is Ginny Kim and I'm enrolled in Bachelor of Advanced Finance and Economics.

What year are you in currently? I'm in the first year. In the first year, okay. So let's begin with the questions, okay. 

So could you briefly summarize your experience in choosing your courses in UQ for the very first time? So like, because the experience should be fresh in your mind being your first year. Like when you were first joining UQ and you were told to look up the courses for yourself and then choose them to enroll, what was the experience like? Like what information sources do you go through? What was your thought process like? I think my high school pretty like guided us through it. I feel like the QTAC application progress like thing and like searching up courses on the QTAC page. 

So it wasn't too difficult going through that. But in terms of choosing a course, I think I just chose what a lot of my friends did. Yeah. 

So it ported over quite easily? Yeah. So it wasn't too hard for me. Okay. 

Which part of the course choosing process did you find challenging, if any? Like were there any particular parts that you felt were a bit hard to get through or like took you a while or you got stumped or not really? Yeah, I didn't really get stumped. I think, yeah, once I just like thought of BAFE because all my friends were doing it, I was pretty certain this is what I wanted to do. So I didn't find choosing the course, like I didn't find any problems with that. 

Okay. The third question, in what ways did the organisation of information on the various web pages impact your experience? So for instance, like, you know, the UQ pages, they have the course description and their requirements, but it's not very uniform or whatever. Like, did the presentation of information ever affect your decision or thought process when choosing a course or not really? I did find like, like in the course profile, there was like stuff about the units.

I was pretty overwhelmed with that because I didn't really understand what it kind of meant. But besides that, I didn't find any problems navigating it. Okay, so it's a bit wall of text like. 

Yeah. All right, next question, which information regarding courses would you say is hard to locate or understand? So for instance, like maybe the course workload, the exact related or included topics, like what this course is getting into exactly or the difficulty level? Like, would you say any of that information is a bit like hard to process or it's not very or it's not really explained well or not explained intuitively? For me, especially in the first few weeks, I just found like in the course page, there was just too much information in one like website. Like, you know, there was lecture material, tutorial material.

So it's not, so it's not that it's hard to locate, it's just like all in your face. So that was a bit hard for me. All right, besides the official UQ source, did you ever use any other sources or individuals to aid you in making your choices regarding course selection? Like, did you use any alternative sources like maybe AI or some other websites or did you have anyone helping you, like maybe some seniors or some course coordinators? Like, did you use any other alternative sources besides the official webpages? No. 

If the enrollment system assisted you in completing the task, what form of guidance would have helped you? So for instance, like, you know, you've done the enrollment system before, right, where you have to go and select your subjects. Did you feel that the interface and the features were like sufficient or did you feel that they should have assisted you in a bit more stuff like maybe telling you about course details or course requirements or restrictions? Did you feel the experience was satisfactory or did you feel that maybe the enrollment system itself should have handled this something extra? For me, all my courses were selected. It was already outlined in the program outline, so I just chose what was required for me to choose. 

So not much comment regarding the Okay, all right. That marks the end of the interview. Thank you very much for your time.
