Link: https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/Ernest%20Liang%20Interviews/Iteration%202/CompInterv%202-3.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=rrtLke

All right, so commencing the CSSE 3021 interview. So if you could just briefly introduce yourself and let us know what program in UQ you're taking. My name is Darby and I am taking the Law slash Arts Honours program at UQ. 

What year are you in? I'm in my first year currently. All right, so for the first question, since this is seeing as your first year, this is going to be a fresh memory for you. Could you briefly summarize your experience in choosing your courses at UQ for the very first time? So like because you just got here, so like what was the experience like where you have to look up the information on the courses and you have to select the courses, how did you come to that decision on what course to pick, like what was your experience, what was your thought process like? Well, I had been planning on choosing Law since I think grade seven maybe, so I pretty much had Law locked in by the time I was graduating.

Besides that, it was choosing if I wanted to do a dual degree or not. Oh sorry, by courses, I mean subjects as like individual subjects, like how did you choose the individual subjects because you know each course can have four subjects per semester, right? How did you go about finding information on and choosing those individual subjects? There was an online guide, I forgot the name, but I wound up choosing first year courses for each of my subjects. For the Law, I think there was only two you could start with on the first year, Foundations of Law and Law of Contracts. 

So you mainly got through an online guide basically? Yeah. Okay, which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging? Did you ever find deciding on what courses to pick a bit hard or not really? It was never really difficult. There were a few times where I wondered like if I chose this now, what would I be able to choose later? But it wasn't too hard to figure out.

Okay, in what ways did the organization of information on various web pages impact your experience? So have you ever been to the UQ course profiles? Yeah. Okay, so you know how to present the information, like they give a brief course description, they give the prerequisites and then they give what this specific subject is about. Would you say the organization of information impacted your experience? Did they make it easier or would you say it's a bit confusing or not really explanatory? I don't think it had a big impact. 

I personally didn't find it confusing. It was helpful when I did need it though. Okay, which information regarding courses would you say was hard to locate or understand? So for instance, like the subject workload, the exact topics that they were getting into, like the scope or the difficulty level, would you say that any particular aspect of a course like that information was a bit hard to understand or hard to find in the first place or not really? For some of the courses, it felt a bit ambiguous what they'd be about. 

Workload was probably the main thing I was unsure about. Other than that, it was mostly pretty good. So it's mostly about scope and the amount of work that you're expected to do? Yeah. 

Okay, besides the official YouTube sources, did you ever use any other alternative sources like AIs or maybe some other websites or did you have like individuals that you could ask for advice to aid you in making choices regarding what subjects you selected? Did you use any alternative sources? Not online that I can remember, but at school they had the deputy principal and stuff would talk to you about it, which kind of helped a little. So you had basically a course consultation with that? Yeah. And the last question, if the enrolment system assisted you in completing the task, what form of guidance would have helped you? So for example, you've touched the enrolment system before, right? You've touched the enrolment system before, right? Where you basically enter your course code and you select. 

Would you say that the enrolment system was sufficient in its functions or would you say that as an enrolment system, you should have done this or maybe you should have done that? Maybe you should have given more feedback or maybe you should have given more information about the subject itself. Did you feel that the enrolment system is as is, is sufficient or would you say that there were some features that you felt that it should have provided? I would say it was at first a bit confusing and I wasn't sure which courses I should pick until I found the guide. The guide was a bit buried and hard to find.

So I guess if I would change something, it would be to have that guide be like more forefront and center, like easier to find. Okay. Okay. 

I get it. And all right. That's all. 

That's all for the interview questions. Thank you once again very much for your time.