Link: https://uq.sharepoint.com/:u:/r/teams/Section_7620_22283/Shared%20Documents/14_Mary/Ernest%20Liang%20Interviews/Iteration%202/CompInterv%202-1.mp3?csf=1&web=1&e=gIpW0P

All right, commencing the interview for CSSE 3021. Could you please briefly introduce yourself, like your name and what course you and what program you're in? My name is Soren Fahli and I'm in my first year doing a Bachelor of Arts. Okay, I'll start with the questions now. 

All right, so just again, the context is that this interview is about the UQ enrollment and course information system. So for the first question, could you very briefly summarize your experience in choosing your courses in UQ for the very first time? So like when you were first here, how did you find the information, how did you enroll and how did you sort of map out your subjects in regards to their requirements and what you're actually studying in them? Well, I found it pretty well-designed and like streamlined. I did it mostly through the online process and there was a quite easy step-by-step guide. 

So where would you say, like when you were first enrolling, did you go to the UQ site to find answers and or did you go to any other alternative sites or like AI tools or anything? I just went to the UQ site. You just went to the UQ site and you just searched it up. Okay, which parts of the course choosing process did you find challenging, if any of it? Probably the hardest was the selecting what like classes I'd be doing this semester.

Really? Not the courses itself? No, like I knew the overall courses I wanted to do but it took me a minute to figure out which like entry-level classes I was supposed to be starting with in my first semester. Okay, third question. In what ways did the organization of information on various web pages impact your experience? So for example, like the way the information is presented, like the course description, what are the requirements as well as how like you have to take this before you can take this but then this is a requirement, like this is like a mandatory for the subject whereas this is an elective. 

Did you find that the presentation or the way the information was formatted, like did it impact your experience or did it make your experience harder or easier or like no comment? I think it was generally pretty easy, just the yeah like what courses were required to do the higher level ones, I think like I didn't get immediately but so that took a little time to figure out. Which information regarding courses would you say is hard to locate or understand, if any? For instance, like the amount of expected workload in a course, the actual related topics like what this course is getting into or maybe the course difficulty level, would you say any of that information was a bit like maybe unclear or just a bit like not explored deeply into just going off of the web descriptions? Yeah, I think I would say that it's not super clear, it's like quite a vague description. What kind of information, like what specifically, like the scope of the course, what topics you're going into or the rough difficulty level, like is there anything specific that you felt wasn't communicated well in the description? At least personally, I don't remember seeing any kind of difficulty level and then also just yeah like in terms of specifically which classes cover what was quite not specific. 

Okay, besides the official UQ pages, were there any other sources or individuals that you depend on to aid you in making your choices regarding course selection or would you say that you wholly depended on the system rather than like other sources or individuals? I think I wholly depended on the system. Any seniors or course coordinators or not really? Not really. All right, last question. 

If the enrollment system assisted you in completing these tasks, what form of guidance would have helped you so you know that how the enrollment system is? It's kind of like very like they let you add anything but they don't give any corrective feedback. So like is there anything that you felt that the enrollment system should have done? Like did you ever find any problems with that or not any problems so far? I think there was like maybe some kind of check after you've enrolled to make sure you are like you have signed up for the correct things could be useful because there is like like it's on your first go around, you aren't sure that you've done it correctly once you've finished. There's very little feedback on your actions. 

Yeah, like after the process is finished, making sure you've done it right. Did you ever face any issues regarding the enrollment about requirements? Like maybe you took maybe you accidentally took an extra subject or you or you wanted to take a subject but it turns out there was another requirement. Did you ever have that experience or no? No, but I think that definitely could have happened because I wasn't sure what the requirements were at first when I was looking at it. 

Alright, and that concludes the interview. Thank you very much again for your time.